Add "allowHTML" option for Markdoc with HTML parsing/processing (#7597)
withastro/astro: packages/integrations/markdoc/README.md

This can now be accessed as `$frontmatter` in your Markdoc.

## Integration config options

The Astro Markdoc integration handles configuring Markdoc options and capabilities that are not available through the `markdoc.config.js` file.

### allowHTML

By default, Markdoc will **NOT** recognize HTML markup as semantic content (this differs from Markdown, which does support HTML markup by default).

You can enable an Astro provided feature via the `allowHTML` integration option which will enable HTML parsing in Markdoc markup.

Enabling this feature will allow you to interleave Markdoc tags and nodes with HTML markup seamlessly.

> > **Warning**
> > When `allowHTML` is enabled, all Markdoc markup will be processed through the [htmlparser2](https://www.npmjs.com/package/htmlparser2) library.
> > 
> > HTML markup inside Markdoc documents will be rendered as actual HTML elements (this includes `<script>`), making attack vectors like XSS possible.
> > 
> > Care should be taken that rendered Markdoc + HTML markup comes from trusted sources. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Warning**
> When `allowHTML` is enabled, HTML markup inside Markdoc documents will be rendered as actual HTML elements (this includes `<script>`), making attack vectors like XSS possible.
>
> Ensure that any HTML markup comes from trusted sources. 
```

Excellent detail here! I just removed the htmlparser2 notice to avoid burying the lead, and to remove technical details that aren't needed to understand the problem. I'll differ to @sarah11918 on whether that's worth bringing back.

Reviewer 2: Agree with @bholmesdev here! I approve his suggestion!

nit: change `this includes` to `including` for all the brownie points!  :cookie: 

(Will also do a tiny review of the earlier text, so expect that incoming!)
